feat: add agent run and session metrics docs (#305)
agno-agi/agno-docs: _snippets/message_metrics_params.mdx

| Field | Description |
|-------------------------|-----------------------------------------------------------------------------|
| input_tokens | Number of tokens in the prompt/input to the model. |
| output_tokens | Number of tokens generated by the model as output. |
| total_tokens | Total tokens used (input + output). |

> | prompt_tokens | Tokens in the prompt (sometimes same as input_tokens). |
> | completion_tokens | Tokens in the completion (sometimes same as output_tokens). |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| prompt_tokens | Tokens in the prompt (same as input_tokens in the case of OpenAI). |
| completion_tokens | Tokens in the completion  (same as output_tokens in the case of OpenAI). |
```
